Welcome, in this video, we're going to do a little bit of time travel
on the GitHub repository. I'm current logged into GitHub,
and I'm on the "website" GitHub repository in the commit history.
And, as I'm looking at the commit history, I see these angle brackets
and that means that I can browse the repository as of that point.
So, let's do that; let's go back and look at the repository as of the initial commit.
When we first created the repository,
we initialized it with a ".gitignore", a "LICENSE", and a "README.md" file.
Once of the things that you'll notice, is that, instead of pointing to a specific branch,
in our case master, we're now pointing to "tree:", and then the commit id.
That means we are not at the tip of any particular branch;
we are directly on a specific commit, and browsing this repository
as of that commit; even the commits show only one commit.
So, when we are done looking at this repository as of this commit point,
we can click on the name of the repository, or we can use the dropdown
and switch to another branch, in our case master.
When we do that, we get back to a point that has our 11 commits.
Let's do it again; so go back into commits, and now we're going to click on the
commit message associated with the commit.
We're going to browse the files, which is as of this point in history.
Again, the tree updates to the commit id that we're browsing at.
Now that I'm done doing that, I'm going to click on the name of the repository
and that restores us back to master, and our 11 commits.